So what? I overcome challenges. Thio leadership is one for you right now.
You're in a smoke free and 80 for the most part underway. And you're
a drug free navy. Other way until using what? I joined the navy
1984 on a bitch of a neighbor guy like the one that was hot decades.
There was rampant drug use from the Vietnam era. Ships could not get
underway, and that was a problem. So, you know, at that time, order
zero tolerance for drugs and we started kicking people out and kept
in a mountain way did that. So we had a drug for your name. And now
it's very interesting that medical marijuana is allowed in a bunch
of states at this point. Medical marijuana, though, is not allowed
in our navy. So that's gonna be a challenge for you knew. And I'm sure
those challenges coming. Okay. But we cannot have officers or enlisted
on our ships that are medically, medically on wall eyed. That
was not really saying I need my medical marijuana. Well, you don't
need to be a baby that Charlie's at our home in your office